everybody it is weight watcher Wednesday
and today we are making chicken broccoli
Bank and what I went ahead and did was
preheat the oven to 375 and it calls for
stuffing and what you're going to want
to do is make your box stuffy now you
can make homemade stuffing but don't be
more points in it take your box of
stuffing and make that ahead of time and
then all you want to do is to spread it
evenly the bottom of your pan and once
you do that then what you want to do is
take your broccoli your frozen broccoli
and sprinkle up top so this is like your
starch your veggies and everything else
all in one so this is great and then I
went ahead and cut up the chicken now i
just used on boneless fresh chicken and
cut it up as you can see and we're just
going to throw this see like that we're
just going to throw it and make it even
over the top now yes i think it was
yesterday George and I were watching
this vlog and it's a he's a famous chef
don't remember his name George remember
his name but he uses the word kiss and
he's like and I honestly was like what
does he mean kiss so I know the kis
means keep it simple I'm not sure what
the other S stands for so I'm making up
my own so kiss for keep it simple sherry
just worked so i don't know why i told
you that at the size / his mom got a big
kick gotta do something he's cooking and
he's talking about a kiss and i fly
there's nobody around for him to kiss
but then I paid attention but obviously
not enough because I don't know with the
other s stood for but that's all right
and then what we want to do is take our
healthy yes our healthy request cream of
mushroom we did another recipe with
cream of mushroom did we yes two cans of
that yes going to use two cans and you
just want to spread it all over your
chicken oh you know what I didn't do
sugar plums like that sugar plums it's
Christmastime sugar plums so I didn't
open up the package cheese
so I bet that guy's all right let me
just wait your hands off a little bit
here and give them pack of cheese open
now I don't have to cuz George went
ahead and then we're going to use four
ounces of shredded Monterey Jack cheese
now this is a town so we're going to use
half of this and you're just going to
want to sprinkle it on top that's about
half of that then just to let you know
with this um meal it's so serene 46 and
it is eight points which is um high
points but it also includes your
vegetables and also everything is
included and so you don't have all your
side dishes and then what you want to do
is just put it in the oven for 45
minutes and when it's done we'll bring
it out show you what it looks like I and
everybody dinner is done it took a
little longer than 45 minutes because i
made my chin in a little bit thicker so
it took clothes for to an hour and 15
minutes so you're going to want to make
sure if you don't want to eat late did
you cut your own pieces of chicken a
little smaller so alright guys well
George doing this taste test and honey
it's hot okay just letting you now you
got to tell these children everything
mmm very good yeah a little bit of
broccoli in that you taser broadly taste
the cheese the chicken mmm another great
meal guys gotta try it all right well
that's it for this meal and we're gonna
tweet enjoy this so see you all later